feat: adding solidjs-vite framework (#20435)
storybookjs/storybook: code/frameworks/solidjs-vite/README.md

# Storybook for Solid <!-- omit in toc -->

## Requirements

- [Solid](https://www.solidjs.com/) >= 1.x
- [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) >= 7.x

## Getting Started

> ### In a project without Storybook

Reviewer: To automatically setup the solidjs-vite framework and to install it automatically for the user, you have to make some adjustments in https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/lib/cli/src/project_types.ts#L123 and https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/lib/cli/src/initiate.ts#L67

Author: @valentinpalkovic  I made changes to the needed files, if there is something else please guide me

> Follow the prompts after running this command in your Next.js project's root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the prompts after running this command in your SolidJS project's root directory:
```
